7/10/14:
I think I've had enough for today.
Time for ten hours of sleep.
Goodbye paper notebook.  I liked you, you started it.

7/13/14: 
Broke up with Isabel today.  It was a very miserable thing to do.  I felt as bad as when as I thought I was going to have to quit Cornell.  
I really hope I'm doing the right thing.  I may be asking for too much but...  I may be.  
Maybe I will now go back to feeling very lonely and stressed and unloved for the rest of the summer.  Or maybe things will be even better and you will address issues on your hiearchy. 
I already feel more or less okay.  Talking with her does feel good...better than talking to Alina, or any other of your friends really.  That will be tricky...you have to replace her.  She...has to replace you.
She said some pretty mean things about you.  She said you were immature and don't care about other people, and that you thought you were living in a tao lin novel but that you're not that good of a writer and not that cute.  And then she said fuck you and left.  These things are all sort of dull stings.  And she fucking came back.  Why do they always come back.  I do not go back...not unless...I was really in love I think.
None of those things she said really _hurt_ now they are things you already know...they are facts that are in flux.  Facts in flux.  It was more that now I see how she sees me and I don't like that.  
Although I guess I think of Isabel in terms of attractiveness a fair amount of the time.  It's not normally the dominant way I think about her but it is definitely a way.  
It goes back to the need to .... do the things...live the dream.
But you need to work from the top of your cute little hiearchy downward.  That's the only way you don't fall apart before you realize your selfish dreams and "goals".  Images.  If you focus only on the images you will fall apart stupidly.

I hope 
Isabel
is okay.
 
I get this image of how Al Ly sees me...strange, maybe typical, but weird, Bushwick male, horny.

7/14/14:
isabrl: seems like a bad dream but is real life.
fuck
Got a haircut and ran this morning.  Getting to work at 10:30.  But still fuck definitely.
im goimg to tell myself that i didnt make a mistake, and believe it.
your time is limited and shes notthe one, not now or in the long run.
one possible reason breakups are so sad is that it breaks the usual feeling of ... statis and continuity, of endless progressive nights and long alcohol/drug/movie afternoons, and makes very clear the sob inducing human fact that we are always at some point on a growth/death arc, that all will someday be lost

Spent the vast majority of today (so far) writing a script to always be the
last comment on Spencer Madsen's facebook page (because he said he'd give a
bood to the last person to comment).  

Writing just for the sake of it, and maybe to post right before I make the bots
talk to each other.  

KING OF THE HILL
When I was a kid, I was the sort of kid who lived in a court called "Pinelake
Court".  On snow days the plow would come at about 4 AM and push all of the
snow onto the concentric island of dead grass in the middle of the court.

The plow would generally wake the Steadman children up and we would watch it,
it looked very otherworldy and mechanical.  I would hope that the pile would be
bigger than it had ever been.  It was hard to judge in the orange snowy light.
It was probably usually about fourteen feet tall.

Assuming we got the snowday, during boyhood years when we were all vicious to
various degrees we spent most of the day playing "King of the Kill".  My next
door neighbor boys were the most vicious and they usually won, up to a point.
It was very fun.  We tried to make rules about not throwing giant
chunks of ice or using shovels but arguing about these rules was the point, not
abiding by them.  Injuries happened, most notably, for me, getting my scalp torn
by the metal edge of an (accidentially) swung snow shovel, and breaking my nose
by being thrown onto a tree root.

Eventually I was able to remain king for quite a while.  It would get dark so
early with the snow and winter that we would think our parents had forgotten to
call us in and let us stay out until past midnight, but then I go inside and find that
dinner had just been served, it was 9 pm.  My victories in "King of the Hill"
generally involved being the last kid outside, because the little kids
went home crying and then the older kids gloves froze and it wasn't fun
anymore.  But that sort of winter sky was very beautiful for a boy of my type
to lay in the snow and look at, thinking.
