7/10/14: I think I've had enough for today.  Time for ten hours of sleep.
Goodbye paper notebook.  I liked you, you started it.

7/13/14: Broke up with Isabel today.  It was a very miserable thing to do.  I
felt as bad as when as I thought I was going to have to quit Cornell.  I really
hope I'm doing the right thing.  I may be asking for too much but...  I may be.
Maybe I will now go back to feeling very lonely and stressed and unloved for
the rest of the summer.  Or maybe things will be even better and you will
address issues on your hiearchy.  I already feel more or less okay.  Talking
with her does feel good...better than talking to Alina, or any other of your
friends really.  That will be tricky...you have to replace her.  She...has to
replace you.  She said some pretty mean things about you.  She said you were
immature and don't care about other people, and that you thought you were
living in a tao lin novel but that you're not that good of a writer and not
that cute.  And then she said fuck you and left.  These things are all sort of
dull stings.  And she fucking came back.  Why do they always come back.  I do
not go back...not unless...I was really in love I think.  None of those things
she said really _hurt_ now they are things you already know...they are facts
that are in flux.  Facts in flux.  It was more that now I see how she sees me
and I don't like that.  Although I guess I think of Isabel in terms of
attractiveness a fair amount of the time.  It's not normally the dominant way I
think about her but it is definitely a way.  It goes back to the need to ....
do the things...live the dream.  But you need to work from the top of your cute
little hiearchy downward.  That's the only way you don't fall apart before you
realize your selfish dreams and "goals".  Images.  If you focus only on the
images you will fall apart stupidly.

I hope Isabel is okay.
 
I get this image of how Al Ly sees me...strange, maybe typical, but weird,
Bushwick male, horny.

7/14/14: isabrl: seems like a bad dream but is real life.  fuck Got a haircut
and ran this morning.  Getting to work at 10:30.  But still fuck definitely.
im goimg to tell myself that i didnt make a mistake, and believe it.  your time
is limited and shes notthe one, not now or in the long run.  one possible
reason breakups are so sad is that it breaks the usual feeling of ... statis
and continuity, of endless progressive nights and long alcohol/drug/movie
afternoons, and makes very clear the sob inducing human fact that we are always
at some point on a growth/death arc, that all will someday be lost


Maybe this is a privilege of having decent parents...but that is something to
be fiercly proud of, I've decided.  Any other feeling towards decent parents
seem selfish and stupid and ...  Spent the vast majority of today (so far)
writing a script to always be the last comment on Spencer Madsen's facebook
page (because he said he'd give a bood to the last person to comment).  

Writing just for the sake of it, and maybe to post right before I make the bots
talk to each other.  

KING OF THE HILL When I was a kid, I was the sort of kid who lived in a court
called "Pinelake Court".  On snow days the plow would come at about 4 AM and
push all of the snow onto the concentric island of dead grass in the middle of
the court.

The plow would generally wake the Steadman children up and we would watch it,
it looked very otherworldy and mechanical.  I would hope that the pile would be
bigger than it had ever been.  It was hard to judge in the orange snowy light.
It was probably usually about fourteen feet tall.

Assuming we got the snowday, during boyhood years when we were all vicious to
various degrees we spent most of the day playing "King of the Kill".  My next
door neighbor boys were the most vicious and they usually won, up to a point.
It was very fun.  We tried to make rules about not throwing giant chunks of ice
or using shovels but arguing about these rules was the point, not abiding by
them.  Injuries happened, most notably, for me, getting my scalp torn by the
metal edge of an (accidentially) swung snow shovel, and breaking my nose by
being thrown onto a tree root.

Eventually I was able to remain king for quite a while.  It would get dark so
early with the snow and winter that we would think our parents had forgotten to
call us in and let us stay out until past midnight, but then I go inside and
find that dinner had just been served, it was 9 pm.  My victories in "King of
the Hill" generally involved being the last kid outside, because the little
kids went home crying and then the older kids gloves froze and it wasn't fun
anymore.  But that sort of winter sky was very beautiful for a boy of my type
to lay in the snow and look at, thinking.

alina inspired: IMPLICIT SORRY NOT SORRY main reaction to writing is "wtf is
that"

becoming less ego-bound is important to your goals as an engineer and a writer
how can you ask your father to teach you what he knows about engineering?
really, working with him at Buffalo Wire would be an excellent job.  but
there's the BUT that you want to be 'exposed to things' and find love first.
and do the glammy things.  but how long do you do that?  if you do that, how
long is it until you are unable to go back?

some random thoughts from last night: becoming purposefully batshit in the USA
for the benefit of cultural or economic growth is very accepted, core value.

function application writing style. RTL.  remember rain night broken kiss and
your head applied to my shoulder. readers of code are trained to make sense of
things...how else could a reader be trained.

english is code on what levels?  having your parents and family see your
facebook statuses is a good way to keep yourself honest I think.  I one sense
knowing they will see will make you afraid.  In one sense that is a good thing.
They have the most complete horizontal knowledge of your life.  They know who
you were before you decided to try to be someone else.  Most everything is
better than a sad gap growing between you each year until they die.  Fuck that
kind of sadness.  It's not inevitable.  In ancient texts it seems like fathers
and sons, mothers and daughters, could hunt, work, party, talk together and
need not feel a sense of alienation from the people who love them and raised
them.  Seems stupidly capitalistic that embarassment or shame would come
between us.  I have to believe that whatever differences we have can be worked
out or explained no matter how many long days of discussion it takes to
convince them.  Or be convinced by them that they know better, and change my
mind.  If my writing is going to hurt them I want to think about that while I
write it.  Then I will not write hurtful writing for no good reason.  

7/15/14: A month left of summer, basically.  yeah.  Set up tablet so it can
properly do colors, vim plugins, etc.  Looks good.  Sort of glitchy inside
tmux.  But cool.  Oh wait it just fixed itself!  Very strange.  And then broke
again. 

Wonder what will happen with Moon Temple.  Let's trying giving myself odds: 10%
chance something big happens, 20% chance something small happens, the rest
nothing happens.

Your writing style is really up in the air right now.  It's punching at and
fiddling with empty space.  What are the odds something will come out of ~it~.  

Maybe you should just use flask for developing docgoose?  A plan for docgoose
is important at this point in the summer.  A plan for rowing is also important.
Plans you need: docgoose, open source, rowing, school, social, hardware,
writing, waste reduction, reading, ...  Too many.  Prioritizing: school,
rowing, docgoose/programming, writing, social.  Writing has less priority
because you will be able to do it for the rest of your life (?).  Whatever,
seems logical.  I think as long as it is _part_ of a plan, and the plan is
continuously executed.

7/16/14: I guess you should have plans for all those things but the plans for
the low priority ones should be "this is low priority, pay attention when you
can."

Lana Del Rey is really hot for a cancerous tumor.  Justine, Marg, Moon, Beth,
Sloane.  Good names!

Yesterday at work was good.  After, thought about creating something that uses
websockets to stream the 9/11 pages to a web app in real time, synced to the
time on 9/11.  Are these little projects worth doing?  Of course!  But you
should do them on the weekend and make sure you take your time and learn
certain topics well.  For example, the 9/11 would be about learning how to do
things in real time and using websockets with python.  I think that project
could definitely be accomplished in a weekend.  This weekend?  

It's good to feel excited.  Excitement is incompatible with grief.  Maybe you
should focus on doing some exciting things until you don't feel like you're
grieving.

Today my excitement will be going to the tinker shop.  Researched electronics
prototyping set.  Instead of getting the bare ftdi chip I'm going to get an
arduino uno kit, which should be much better documented and do the same thing
(be programmable / allow for GPIO output from an android / linux device).
Cool, I'll order it on payday.  Need to focus on the plan up to this weekend.
Even though the arduino stuff may be cooler. ... lol, cooler.  bla bla bla

7/22/14: Behind on my plans for docgoose, haven't been rowing too much despite
my time with row bros this weekend.  A lot to say about that probably...how
bleak they were in some ways, how you were mostly quiet with them.  How they
dulled in your eyes somehow, outside of the context of rowing.  Definitely do
not envy bankers.  Facebook employees etc are probably equally unworthy of
envy, you will find: main value of employment at a place like that is being
able to tell people that you work there.  The emotional effect of this is that
you've been thinking about trying to find work at a remote ("distributed")
programming agency/company like TopTal.  I think this would allow you freedom,
and the "ivy detox" period that seems important.  That seems like a genuinely
good idea.  You've made enough bad decisions lately.  I really need to get to
work: working is easier than not working.  New York seems bleaker than it ever
has: progress.

7/23/14: Got arduino today.  Too bad I'm behind on the docgoose plans and
work..."working from home" for no good reason today.  I don't really know what
to work on.  I guess fixing the impression level data stuff.  I wrote a plan for
rowing...I have that feeling of last summer, when I told myself "this is your
last chance to making it good"..."this is your last chance to make it okay"...

It's important to get work shit together.  I will work on work tonight after I
finish the pyramid tutorial and then set up ec2 / personal site stuff.

Going to go run soon.
Ran, nice.


7/25/14: Really haven't been able to get into work this week.  This needs to be
fixed!  I feel a little bit "off the range".  Oh well.  Nothing to write about.
Just need to focus and work.  Bye

Trying to find music that isn't the "same old thing", that will impress Justine.

7/26/14: Planning KTV night: kind of sucks.  Wonder if people will show up.  If
not: you'll get your money's worth in hard learning facts.  People are
"unwilling to take a risk".

7/27/14: KTV night was okay.  Of course not as good as the night with
Alina...but as expensive.  That's okay.   It felt okay.

Talking with Justine today was good.  She has some decent points and was sort of
inspiring to talk to.  Like it made me want to impress her.
"you should (have to?) demand more"
"damage control / you're safe"
Also some interesting discussion re: how our society writes more than it reads.
"Write only" language.  (ADA).  

Went to a bar to see Isabel, Claire, and the guy who Claire is seeing, who
reminds Isabel of Ed.  Isabel kept trying to make me kiss and touch her...and
tried to get me to sleep with her.  Saying it would be fun.  When I refused her
(inelegantly, I didn't really know how to handle it, and was sober, and she was
pretty drunk), she went outside and told me not to come with her.  I heard her
planning to get in a cab to go to Bedford-Nostrand where Stephen Tully lives.
This whole experience made me sad in the pleasurable way.  Long, thin lightning
strikes were in the sky on the walk home.

I got a start on the 9/11 memorial project.  It'll probably take about a week of
evenings to complete.  So I'm going to be pretty behind on my docgoose plans.

7/28/14:  I feel like I have learned so little about programming this summer...
relative to last summer.  Is that the case?  Or maybe just building apps from
scratch is a very good way to learn, and you haven't done that for Python.  Or
maybe Pyramid is just more complicated.  

I was being very productive all morning (after rowing) but then watched an ISIS
propaganda video.  It was very upsetting.  

"if this doesn't get you to change, nothing will"

7/29/14: Productive/relatively pleasant day today.  Good.  Brett seems a lot
happier.  Good.  Can go home, row, run, 

Weird sinus headaches.  Need to get a good night's sleep tonight and
spend more time outside.  Feel better now.  Outside helps the most I think.
Seek understanding, not success.

8/2/14: Has this summer been a disappointment?  No, more of a readjustment that
you knew was coming...  I feel over Isabel.  I don't think of her much.  I feel
a little lonely, yearning... but I think that the path I'm on is the right path
to meet the persons I need to meet.  I think I can think more independently.

Some thoughts I'd like to record:

to justine: "maybe we should trust ourselves and believe that by
taking the actions we truly believe in, rather than hedging, our actions will
lead us to the point where our true love stands, because our true love also
followed the path that they believe in most."

living in new york as an diversification/hedging strategy
the feeling that many of my friends are unwilling to take risks

should build a zen garden
should get more organized
japanese rock garden
mellified man
hit some kind of singularity a year or two ago
end of your novel going past death

8/4/14: Feel sad.  Miss touching, being touched, a woman.  Miss human
excitement.

8/9/14: Finished the 9/11 project!  Of course no one liked/clicked on it.
(Yet?).  Oh well, it's done.  I may learn quite a bit from *maintaining* it.
And now my personal website is set up too.  All basically for free.  Need to
evaluate what I'm going to do w/r/t the docgoose plan.  (LOL at how far behind
you are on it...but still...trudging progress...that's the important part of the
plan, I guess, is instead of giving up and getting frustrated you keep going
after it, even if you're waaaay behind schedule, because at one point you deemed
it important enough to create a plan for.

I think I'm going to do some writing.  Probably clean up loose ends first,
compile all of your texts into some sort of file that you can stick on github.

8/10/14: Saw "Boyhood" with Dennis.  Your last weekend in New York is like this.
You're sort of just killing time in the city now before you go back to school,
to FINISH it.  Breaking up with Isabel somehow meant breaking up with your "alt
lit friends", or the idea that they were your friends.  Funny, I guess.  But I
think it hurts you somewhere.  Who the fuck are your friends?  Are the things
you like/love really uninteresting/rejected by them?  The alt lit postings seem
mostly trivial and ... idk.  I want some of the good alt lit moments, nights and
stories to stay bright in your memory.  Tomorrow I'm going to try to create a
good backup of your messages/texts/emails from college.  I'm also going to look
at the writing, and see what's worth working on.  

Need to chase beauty.  And create it, be it.  

Went to a cafe to write this morning.  First time really trying to write a
story, without a particular goal or spurred by a particular event that you want
to capture.  It's weird, and sort of makes you question whether this is "your
thing".  It'd be funny if you just decided "whelp I guess I was wrong about the
idea that I am meant to be a writer" and just sort of threw writing away.  Then
you would only have programming and business, I guess.  I can't even convince
myself that this is _not_ going to happen.  Hahahahaha

I'm bored, yearning.  Oh well.

8/10/14: Went to see a play with Dennis's friend John in it.  It was alright.
Dennis said "If there was anyone in the world I could buy stocks in, it would be
John." and I felt sort of hurt, but didn't say anything.  (In fact I said
something stupid/irrelevant.)  Then after we went out for drinks/food and I
acted social and talked about my programming writing projects with the other
members of the cast.  

After, you came home and had a stupid fight with Isabel where you sort of
attacked her, who she is.  You are blaming her for the perceived mistreatment
you've received from her and other people throughout your life.

But you made up and fell asleep imagining fucking one last time before the end
of the summer.

Thinking about a "Cyberpunk Creative Collective". 

8/11/14: Was planning on going to the Linux User meetup but my code in 
nevermind today is Monday

8/13/14: What information do you get from other people that you can't get from
information stores?  Non-rhetorical question.

Spend much of my time at work "fucking around".  It's definitely due to
anxiety.  Ideally you should set out a 100% accomplishable list of tasks and
then just go the fuck home after you're done.

Fucking around at work is bad for your mental hygine.

Personal website as vanity.  Having all your things together.  Alternatives?
Distributed personal website.  

Portfolio is vanity.  You should always have nothing.  Past projects should be
lost.  No accomplishments.  No success.  How to.  No accumulation.  Even though
it appeals.

8/16/14: PyGotham

1. Talk by Salt creator about managing a large open source project
   - politeness
   - nuture contributors 
2. Foreign Data Wrappers
   - use case of NoSQL: "tags" or arrays
   - postgres supports "arrays" so you don't need join table
   - select * from not_so_simple where 2 = ANY(col1);
   - select array_length(col1, 1) * from not_so_simple;
   - unnest removes array structure
   - problems: probably can't really put ORM on top of it
3. Automated Manufacturing
   - rhino3d/cinema4d: robot
   - $30,000-$70,000 
4. SQLaLCHEMY 
   - session.flush()
5. nltk

     tokenized = ntltk.word_tokenize(snippet)
     tagged_sniptted = nltk.pos_tag(tokenized)
     "[('the','DT'), ('fox','NN'), ('jumped', ...
     
     finding verse in text, accidental lyrics
     wordnet

So many potential problems.  Docgoose.  "Grotesque Self-Portrait".  Writing.
Ludum Dare game.  

The most interesting talk was actually probably about args/kwargs, along with
the postgres data binding talk.  It's good to understand the tools that you use.
It is calming.

8/17/14:
1. Distributed Systems Failure
   - harder case of "kind of failures"
   - host failure / network failure / consistency
   - async queues: allows letters to "pile up"
   - nsq.io / pynsq
   - timeouts: think about the components that aggregate in the timeout
   - retries
   - to prevent dogpiles: exponential backoff
   - also exponential buildup
   - re-route via a host pool
   - events vs commands
   - monitoring
   - stats.d / graphite / graphona 

2. Decorators
   - decoarator inspired by Java annotation
   - "advices"
   - what does the statement "functions are first class objects" 
   - "first class citizen" -- entity which supports all the operations available
     to other entities: can be passed as parameter, returned, assigned.

    def decorator(inner):
        def inner_decorator():
            print('this happens before')
            inner()
            print('this happens after')
        return inner_decorator

    @decorator
    def decorated():
        print('this happened')


    - uses
    - classes as decorators
    - we need to be more conscious of "user holes" in docs

Very tired.  Today is the end of summer.  
"making programming friends", a more interesting problem than you'd expect.  I
guess it takes time like making any other sort of type of friends.  Probably it
wil be best if you make them on the internet.  They seem boring are they boring.
That conference place lol.  You need sunlight.

It all seems very possible.  Your understanding of what goes into a true web
business is getting clearer and clearer, there are few parts you don't have a
grasp on.  Hmm...write a plan to get to the next level of programming.

Thinking about that interesting talk with Theo about "tone", and the feeling
that we were going to grow up to be the people that we look up to, like Tao and
Kanye.

8/18/14: Algorithms, idioms, and understanding how the machine works.  In
Pascal, there is a plethora of data structures, which induces a specialization
of functions.  

8/21/14: I'm all moved in in Ithaca.  I feel very hopeful about the coming year.
One important emotional experience I had was walking home from Highland across
the suspension bridge, and seeing how lush and green everything was.  It was
misty.  Without all the stress it was very beautiful, more beautiful than 
New York.  I took pictures and sent them to Alina.

Like every year, I don't know what to focus on most.  I think about focusing on
writing, getting docgoose up and running, other small programming projects, just
focusing on making sure school goes okay...

I think I'm afraid I'll get bored if I just focus on school.  But I think my
heart says that I should do that, and build in some time to work on the other
things.  I think...what I learned from last year, is that the school things are
very valuable.  If you had learned your classwork from last year (more)
effectively you'd be in a better place to realize your dreams.  I think that's
what all this anxiety is about anyways.  You're anxious if you'll realize your
dreams or not.

You did a decent job of using your planner this summer.  You "wasted" a lot of
time at work but whatever.  It was much more controlled. 

Feeling tired right now.  Want to meet someone good-looking and intelligent.
Maybe you should go to a bar alone tonight.  Would be weird.  It's probably
worth a shot.  It'd be good to get yourself together.  Midnight bedtime tonight?

Should read more about the raytracing and write down the stories Greg told
today.  And do yoga.   

"You know what would be really nice?  If a dining hall was open right now."

"Fucking YES.  I've been complaining about that all week.  All I've been eating
this summer is pussy and eggs."

What's more important is ~how~ Greg says things.  And that's a lot harder to
recreate.  It's funny how these guys are a lot more inspiring to me than New
York was this summer.

Make it last.  When you make a plan, the states that it can be in: success,
failure, abandoned, deferred.

"We just fucked all week."

"We trained from like seven to two, with an hour break in the middle.  So from
three to nine I could have just been fucking Caroline.  But I wasn't about that, wasn't
about not feeling it.  What's the point?"

"We were really lost but it still felt chill, you know?  Like, at worst, the
campground was five miles away, we kept saying that.
So I just kept going up to cars and asking if they could give us a ride.  And
most were just like "no".  But finally these four chicks in a pickup were like
sure.  So Marissa and I got in the back of the pickup.  These chicks were like
forty."

"Haha, damn."

"At first Marissa and I were kind of crouching down because we didn't want like,
the security guys to see us. We were sort of making out and the chicks were like
'fuck her right in the pussy!'"

"Jesus.  They were in their forties?"

"Yeah, like fucking moms."

"It was awesome.  We woke up in a tent, not even hung over."

"We were hooking up on the grass, and these women were like, 'could you, not do
that', and I said 'there are seven billion people in this world, and do you know
how they got here?  By fucking.  So you should thank me, because we're not even
really fucking, just making out."

8/22/14: Having trouble getting wifi to work, have wasted quite a bit of time on
it.  Should go to Teagle to work out in a second.

8/23/14: To recursively compress image files:

find . -name "*.JPG" | xargs mogrify -strip -interlace Plane -gaussian-blur 0.05
-quality 85%

ImageMagick is a great tool!

Last night: met Ian for a drink.  He seemed very self-absorbed.  Which is the
opposite of how it usually is: usually he would want to know what "weird" things
I was up to and try to show me off.  I went to a party with him and his "weed
dealer" female friend, who was relatively cute.  I found it hard to be social.
The people he was hanging out with, I suppose his friends, were somewhat
attractive.  They talked about drugs which was funny.  I didn't drink much at
all.  I slipped out and went home.  I guess Friday nights are not the night to
go out anyways.  You should go out tonight.  Maybe message Alex.  Even though
you didn't like her poetry.  (Well, looking at my past writing...you should have
a lot of forgiveness for bad writing, if you want to have any hope for
yourself.)

I looked at some pictures from Taiwan, China, etc.  I look pretty good in the
Taiwan pictures (very young).  I look quite bad in some of the China pictures.
I guess I remember not feeling good when those pictures were taken.  Hmm. 

I've saved them all into a directory and managed to compress them.  
Finding the "interesting" writing in all of that would be good. 
Your minimalist/toneless writing is pretty boring to read.

I can tell I'm tempted to not row today.  I didn't go to the boathouse in the
morning, like I was planning to do.

8/24/14: Spent most of the day fixing wifi.  Was able to fix it.  Marguerite
talking about how she was disappointed in her friends here, and how she was not
going to make any more.  I thought about how I was her friend.  And I said
"maybe we should be thankful for what we have".  I think there is a lot of truth
in that, I'm glad you realized that.  The first big learning of this semester.  

You're always going to be imagining your ideal friend group...but to ninth grade
you, you've probably already achieved it.  Or not.  Being better to/with your
existing friends is just as important as making new ones.  You can go very far
with the friends you have now.  Why is there this obsession with making new
friends?  "No new friends."

What else to write about right now?  Not much.  Tomorrow is the last day of
summer.  Or maybe today was.  

"Maybe in a year when we're successful we can move away togegther"
...."yeah because we're not going to be successful in a year"
everything takes 5x as long

8/25/14: "There is a central quality which is the root criterion of life and
spirit in a man or woman, a town, a building, or a wilderness.  This quality is
objective and precise, but it cannot be named."

"The more living patterns there are in a place -- a room, a building,
or a town -- the more it comes to life as an entirety, the more it glows, the
more it has that self-maintaining fire which is the quality without a name."

"To reach the quality without a name we must then build a living pattern
language as a gate."

"To work our way towards a shared and living language once again, we must first
learn how to to discover patterns which are deep, and capable of generating
life."

My theory.  It's very pleasant, engaging and entertaining, as a human being, to
explore beautiful and "alive" places.  They do not need to be "gamified".  Good
video games could be more like architecture, or city planning: the goal is to
build an alive space.

"Once you understand this way, you will be able to make your room alive; you
will be able to design a house together with your family; a garden for your
children; places where you can work; beautiful terraces where you can sit and
dream."

"It is a fundamental human instinct, as much a part of our desire as the desire
for children.  It is, quite simply, the desire to make a part of nature, to
complete a world which is already made of mountains, streams, snowdrops, and
stones, with something made by us, as much a part of nature, and a part of our
immediate surroudings."

"Each one of us has, somewhere in his or her heart, the dream to make a living
world, a universe."

"Imagine the greatest possible beauty and harmony in the world -- the most
beautiful place that you have ever seen or dreamt of.  You have the power to
create it, at this very moment."

"This is the timeless way of building: learning the discipline -- and shedding
it."

Imagine an artist reaching out to you, to take you on as an apprentice.
Rowing meeting today.  Today is the last day of school summer in my life.  It
that means anything anymore.  I'm really sick of the music I listen to.  I think
I'm going to have to go back to where my music taste was in 2011, because I've
run into a dead end, music wise.  And I refuse to be stuck in this dead end.  I
think maybe the main way to counteract this is to stop using Spotify and start
downloading music files and backing them up.  

Okay boring.
I thought I had some thoughts.   Was thinking about writer's toolkit, I think.
