Design Hall of Infamy: The Beer Bottle

Few people seem to question the fact that one needs a special-purpose tool to
open the classic beer bottle, even though beer is a generally considered a
unpretentious consumer good.  Trying to open a bottle of beer without an opener
is frustrating, and can often become dangerous, especially when the individuals
being frustrated are intoxicated.  The existence of "twist-off" bottles (which
reflect the state of the art for almost every other type of beverage container
on the market) actually only make the situation worse: beer companies have
generally neglected to make it obvious whether a bottle is twist-off or requires
an opener, which leads to futile attempts to use a bottle opener with a twist-off top,
and vice versa.  The scalloped ridges of the typical "pop off" bottle top
resemble a grip providing traction for twisting, even though twisting the top
will only result in injury.   While the twist-off tops allow for twisting, from
the users perspective they are usually identical to pop-off tops.  The
prospective beer user has to read to the label to discover if the bottle is
twist-off or not, which is often difficult in typical beer-drinking scenarios.  

After the beer user has opened the bottle, the bottle still poses a number of
problems.  The shape of the bottle affords its use as a club: the neck of the
bottle is approximately hand-sized, and the body of the bottle can be broken to
create sharp surfaces.  Even when not intentionally used as a weapon, a broken
beer bottle can be very dangerous.  The design of the classic beer bottle does
not take into account the many of the classic use cases of beer.

Most other beverage containers have evolved towards the use of soft plastic
packaging, plastic twist-off lids with ridged surfaces affording twisting, and
ergonomic shapes for gripping.  Why then, until recently, has the design of beer
resisted these trends?  One factor is nostalgia for the old design, and a belief
in its subjective superiority.  When Coors Brewing Company launched a plastic
bottle and visibly twist-off-able lid for its classic "Old English" brand of
beer, the new design received ridicule.  Coors and other companies are
attempting to create a new bottle that is a hybrid between an aluminum can and a
bottle shape, with a twist-off lid.  But many premium and craft brewers are
won't budge from the classic design, meaning that the "old-fashioned" beer
bottle design will remain in the Hall of Infamy for a long time.
