INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER GRAPHICS:

Three basic parts of a ray tracer: 1. ray generation (computes origin and
direction of each ray) 2. ray intersection (finds object intersecting the ray)
3. shading (computes pixel color)

for pixel in pixels: compute viewing ray find first object hit by ray and its
surface normal set pixel color value computer from hit point, light, and surface

Parallel Projection: all rays are perpendicular to the view plane points moved
along "projection direction" until they hit the image plane if image plane is
perpendicular to view plane, orthogonal, else oblique should look up some
examples of what an orthographic rendering would look
    
"You may have learned about the artistic conventions of three-point-perspective,
a system for manually constructing perspective views.  A surprising fact about
perspective is that all the rules of perspective drawing will be followed
automatically is we follow the simple mathematical rule underlying perspective:
objects are projected directly towards the eye, and they are drawn where they
meet a view plane in front of the eye."

Surface Normal: vector perpendicular to the surface 3D Parametric Lines: in
graphics we use vectors because their forms are more intuitive than the
cartesian forms.  Also easier to support in code.

8/27/14:
achingly beautiful
trillion triangles: 21 levels of detail
cultural heritage

graphics applications:
entertainment
science and engineering
virtual prototyping
cultural heritage
training and simulation
graphics art, fine art

3d modeling: differential geometry, numerical optimization, grammars
3d rendering: 2d views of 3d geometry, integrals
animation: keyframe animation (interpolation) vs physical simulation (diffeq)
images: polynomials, etc
user interaction

computer graphics: mathematics made visibile
modeling: diffuse materials


ORAL COMMUNICATION

Dialectical: only philosophical kings know Truth Only content matters

Sophistical: hippias, gorgias -> gorgeous delivery, organization, style,
audience analysis

Rhetorical: probabilistic requires belief truth without belief without truth,
truth without belief

1. Select a topic (word, phrase, question)
2. Determine your purpose (informative, persuasive, ceremonial)
3. Research (informal, formal, library)
4. Analyze audience
5. Come up with a thesis/central idea
6. Organize speech around thesis
7. Practice and reduce notes

Invention, Organization, Style, Delivery


COMMUNICATION AND TECHNOLOGY

Discoverability: is it possible to figure out what actions are possible and how
to perform them?  Understanding: what do the settings/controls mean?

very upsetting that he is pushing a specific, non-free software "edublogs"
Industrial Design: "The professional service of creating and developing concepts
and specifications that optimize the function, value, and appearance of products
and systems for the mutual benefit of bothuser and manufacturer"

tweet @2450fall2014 about chapter 1 of Norman
set up blog site
"machines require us to be precise and accurate, things we are not very good
at"
...machines / machine-like humans as deficient
"many of the rules followed by a machine are known only by the machine and its
designers" pg. 6
"it is not our duty to understand the arbitrary, meaningless dictates of
machines" ...disagree.  should be exactly as simple

8/28/14:

key concepts from chapter 1:
 - everydayness
 - affordances: actual and perceived properties of how a thing should be used
 - visibility 
 - mappings: cultural, physical
 - feedback
 - conceptual models: design model, user model, system image

NETWORKS

bipartite graphs
what are some things that can be modeled as a graph?  
matching on graphs
Internet in 1970
path: a sequence of nodes, each connected by edges
connected: path between any two nodes
is the internet today connected? ... well, by definition, probably yes
component: connected piece of a graph
visual vs non-visual graphs "to big to draw"
global friendship network has a "giant component" that contains you and most of
the world's people
could there be a second giant component?  


