var root = {
text: "In the fall of my senior year at Cornell, I got a software engineering job at
Facebook.  It was a surprise, sort of:  I'd been planning on being a poor
hacker/writer/artist.   But I figured, why not work for Facebook?  I'd meet
some good programmers, make $120k a year.  Maybe that's what I deserved,
despite, or because of, my struggles in college. 

Accepting the offer led to dramatic changes in my character, and in how I
related to other people, such that just two years after graduation, I found
myself in a nightmare of New York, looking at the childhood stuffed animals
sitting by my monitor, wondering if they served the same purpose as photographs
given to androids: to provide a physical anchor for false, implanted memories of
a life before.",
children: {
"c1": {
text:
"The biggest change is that I developed an interest in "hacking" the devices and
accounts of the people in my life.  To the outside observer, this is probably
pretty scandalous and extreme.  To me, most of the time, it felt like a positive
development: I had finally found my passion as a programmer.  I had found the
place where my interests in programming and literature intersected.  My whole life I had felt that
I was surrounded by beautiful stories that I simply couldn't access because I
was relatively introverted, or didn't possess a strong speaking voice, etc.  I
wanted my cake, but I didn't want to ever have to eat it, if that makes sense.
And by covertly accessing all of the digital information about the lives of the
people in my life, now I suddenly could have my cake, every day.  I felt the
sense of connection to other people and the world that I had always craved.

Perhaps unsuprisingly, the story of the first person I "hacked" is
interesting, and personal. [c1] It involved someone beautiful, a newfound sense of
power, humilation, and what felt like victory.  Subsequent "hackings" have been
much softer.  Softness has fallen onto my life.

To what degree did I use the information gained from my hacking activities in
order to further my own interests?  To a moderately high degree.

The social capital of working at facebook meant that, as soon as I moved to New
York and became friendly with my class of new software engineers, I suddenly had
a truly busy social life, for the first time in my life.  I had somewhere to go
every night.  Before getting the facebook job....

I would meet new people every day, and they were all good enough to have a
decent conversation with.  Everything we talked about felt relevant.  How this
exactly was connected with the job at facebook, I'm not sure.  I just felt I was
coming to into my own role in the world, and everyone I met was now relevant to that
role.  It wasn't exactly clear what that role was, yet, but I needed lots of
information about what was going on in New York and on the Internet, and
everyone I met had information.

My life was more or less under control, for the first time ever.  I had been a
depressed person in college, and also bipolar sometimes.  I wanted to see how
far I could push that control. 

Love is the only thing that can drive you crazy.  That's not true at all.",
children: {
"c1": {
text: "
I'd trade everything I have in life to be a pretty boy, or I guess a pretty
girl.  When I was in high school, I had an intense sense that I grossed people
out by my physical appearance, mannerisms, and essence, at a fundamental level.
This sense has diminished over time, but I think my insecurity about my
physical, emotional, and intellectual hygenie led to my fascination with
Tom.  

Upon moving to New York and starting my job, I made a girlfriend almost
immediately, named Marissa.  Tom was her ex.  They were still friends.  

"I know this seems like a dick move", said Marissa, "but you should hang out
with Tom.  You guys are both into computers."

Tom had broken up with Marissa.  It seemed to me like Tom had dumped Marissa,
because he wanted to be single.  

It became clear very quickly, over the course of a few nights out, that Tom was
what I had always wanted to be.  But I also discovered that he was fragile.

On one of these fragile nights I helped Tom to a cab.  He left his jacket with
me, and in his jacket was his phone.  I messaged him on facebook that he could
pick it up anytime.

His phone wasn't locked, and I immediately started looking through his recent
messages.  I spent the rest of the day reading everything I could find.
",
children:{}
}
}
}
}
}

I had been planning on doing some hardware hacking for some time.  I imagined a
place in New York full of old and new electronics parts, slightly
obselete computers, etc.  I searched for a store or thift market like this both
on the internet and by just walking around areas that seemed
promising.",
