Cornell Invariant 

---
Coach Kennet took me out on his launch to watch morning practice. 

After the rowers finished their last piece, they rocked themselves back and
forth, to deal with the pain.  I don't know if I'm going to be able to take four
years of that.  If it's really for me.

"What do you think, Foster?" Kennett asked me.
 
"Interesting pieces," I said.  "I like it here."

I do like Cornell.  I like the idea of rowing on a lake in valley,  with the
school on the hills above, glowing every morning with sunrise.  It seems like a
place where I can grow up, become serious.  I was up all night on the internet
last night, and those ideas seem so stupid now.  I need to stop doing that.

"Is Cornell going to be your first choice?" Kennett asked.

"Yeah, I think so.  Assuming I can get in."

He broke away from the rowing shells and drove in a wide arc towards the
boathouse.

"What're your SATs again?"

"Uh, 800 reading, 730 math."

"Ok, great, no problem.  Apply early decision; we can do more that way."

"My grades are, like, not good."

A stab of anxiety went through me as I thought about the things I have to do for
school next week, when I return home.  Kennett put the launch in reverse,
edging it towards the dock, which I grabbed onto.  The freshman boats had
already docked, and they were carrying their shells out of the water, joking.
They all wore Cornell gear over unis from their high school teams.

"Look, you're smart, with those SATs.  And you pull hard.  That's what matters.
I'm not going to make any guarantees, but we can get you in."

---

I was in China for a summer program, living in the dorms of a Chinese university
with very disappointing American students.  On the Fourth of July I used my
Mandarin to convince the businessmen who minded us to let me "visit my parents"
in Guangzhou.  I had a plan to spend time with my friend Jane, who I had met the
previous summer and hadn't seen since.

I flew, slightly anxious about the whole thing.  But I felt calmer once I got
on the plane and saw the flight attendants, who looked my age.  Not all of them
were beautiful, exactly, but they all were a fantasy.  A large family in the row
in front of me ate lots of peanuts and amusingly threw the shells on the floor.  
I felt like a mysterious person.  

I pressed my nose against the cold glass of the window.  It was a clear night
and I tried to understand something of China from the geometry of the lights
below, which sometimes looked very strange, abstract and without scale.

At the airport, Jane and I walked towards each other sheepishly, and then hugged.

"Here we are," I said.  

"I feel SO FREE," said Jane.  "For the first time since I got here."

"Good," I said.  

"I mean, I came here to see my family, but my cousins are so...annoying.  They
just have such a gross way ot thinking and talking about everything.  It's...so
Hong Kong."  

I motioned towards the baggage claim, and we complained about the failures of a
summers, thusfar.  Of course, I had sort of expected this failure, that our
summers in China be a let down, but Jane was the type of person who enjoys slam
poetry.  We often talked about how she was the romantic one, and that I was the
more ambitious one.  For Jane (Yale 2014), the reality of summer 2010 had been
teaching a class on how to get into Ivy League schools, to Chinese students.  In
English, she had told me with some shame.  She didn't talk about this, she
talked about her Grandparent's home in downtown Ningbo, etc.  She talked until
it became obvious that my bag was not going to show up on the baggage carousel.

My flight was the last arrival of the night.

---
I saw a pretty Indian girl waiting in the sun and felt a stab of anxiety.  I
wanted to know what college would bring; whether or not I'd realize my dreams
over the next four years.

After moving into my dorm room and registering, I went to have dinner with
Daddy.  I don't know where Mommmy and my sisters went.  Daddy wanted to "talk".

The dining hall was full of new students and their parents.  It had been a
beautiful day, and the sun was setting dramatically, filling the dining
hall with deep orange light.  Waiting in line for food, I was ready at any
moment to meet someone who I would fall in love or build a business with.  

Daddy happily got chocolate milk from the stainless steel "milk
udder" and we sat down to eat.  

Daddy is a serious conversationalist, even though he often seems amused by the
points he was trying to make.  His "lectures" were something of a running joke
between us.  

"I've been thinking pretty hard about what I should say to you," he said.

"Um, here."  He took a napkin, and drew a rough bell curve on it.  

"Are you familiar with this?"  he asked.

"A bell curve," I said, amused.  

"Yeah.  Up to now, I think you're used to be somewhere around here," he said.
pointing somewhere between the 95th and 99th percentile.

"Our tests aren't curved," I said. 

He smiled.  "But you know what I mean, right?"

"Yeah."

"My point is, I think at Cornell, you might have to get used to things being
different.  Sometimes, you might be around here on the curve."  He pointed to
the middle.  "And that's alright.  You can't get discouraged and quit when that
happens.  You have to keep going to class."

"I'm going to go to class, don't worry, Daddy."

"Good.  It's really important.  I'm worried you're not going to go to class."

"I did the math, actually, it turns out that college costs about $7 an hour,
even while you sleep.  Classes cost hundreds of dollars each.  I won't forget
that."

Daddy looked uneasy.

"The money isn't really the point," he said.

"I know, it's just interesting." 

Underneath what I was saying I felt dismayed and frustrated.  He has such a
strange, old-fashioned idea of school, that I felt in everything that he said
about school.  I thought of his high school yearbooks that I had found in his
dresser drawer at home, and the 80s engineering textbooks that sat on the
shelves.  I'm different, I thought.  I'm not on the fucking bell curve, it
doesn't really matter in the context of my life.  I don't care about the bell
curve.  At the same time I felt like I was going to be very high on that curve,
in the classes I was in.   High school was over. College would be the time to be
serious and learn.  Four years.  Cornell was isolated.  It was a place to study
and train.  

"College is a long four or five years.  It's pretty exhausting.  But things will
be much worse if you don't go to class."

"Is that what happened when you took a semester off to be a chef?" I said.  My
grandparents had (accidentally) told me about this period in his life.  He had
been the chef for his frat, Rockledge.  

During the conversation, I got a text from an unknown number.  "sup faggots," it read.  
"get ready to get trashed at the knoll tonight and bone bitches."

I saw that I and about 15 other numbers were included on the message.  It was my
fellow recruits.  I tried to parse out identities from the area codes.

Reading the message, I felt like my reality had been radically shifted.  This is
what being a college rower would be.  It may actually be that way.  I felt
excited, a little perturbed and anxious.  
---


When I awoke I could tell it was another summer-like day.  I stayed in bed
for a while, feeling good.  I thought about the night before.  It seemed like a
good start, even though I didn't meet someone.


After spending some time on my the internet I went to the dining hall and started to
work on the Freshman essay assignment/contest.  The book was "Do Androids Dream 
of Electric Sheep?".  I felt sort of like Harrison Ford, that someday I would
be like one of his characters, if I was right about the potential in me.

I ate pancakes and took notes.  I was alone but happy to be alone
imagining that someone would sit down next to me. 

I spent the rest of the day looking at my new course books and wandering around
campus, trying to find interesting places.  I wanted to find a good place to
study.  I went through the picturesque library overlooking the slope, that
people, maybe the Cornell admissions marketing department, called "The Harry
Potter Library".  This library was nice but did not fit my ideal of an isolated
place for me to study, a place that was mine and would force me to focus and do
college studies right.  I then explored Olin library, which had been the
graduate library at some point, and then Kroch library, the Asian studies
library.  Kroch library was the newest, and the reading rooms felt like a
pediatrician's office.  The stacks were bare long rooms that felt more
industrial than literary.  I found an area that was filled with cubicles meant
for grad students, but most were empty.  There wasn't cell phone service down
there.  This place was good.  

I took out my yellow legal pad and continued to work on ideas for the essay.  I
was worried I wouldn't be able to finish it.  During the last marking period of
high school, I had developed a bad case of "writer's block" and my grade in AP
English Language had gone from a 100 to a 65, due to my inability to turn in
assignments.  Trying to write had also involved a lot of mild to moderate
mania, self-distraction, etc.  But those difficultites had happenened over a
year before, before I had gone to Taiwan.  I thought I had matured a lot living
in Taiwan, and that I would be able to be a good student and do school well.
It was my main preoccupation.

I took notes on Joyce in the library until I was sick of it, and then I went to
read outside the marble Goldwin-Smith Hall.  It was twilight and there were a
lot of students on the quad for the orientation week concert.  It was a dj
called...mario something.  I tried focusing on reading until the music started
and then I started milling around looking at people.  Reading had been pretty
good.  I had learned about ... a saint who died due to indigestion.  I felt the
knowledge might be necessary, like calculus, collegiate.  Two girls stopped me,
a somewhat attractive white girl with short hair and a chubby Asian, probably
Korean.  "Can you take us to the bathroom?" the Asian girl said.  "We really
need your help." They seemed drunk or weird.  "Oh, yeah...I think I know where
there is one.  Follow me." They laughed and followed me through the crowd.
They told me their names and said they went to Ithaca College.  They asked what
I was reading.  I led them accross the quad into the fine arts library.  I felt
on guard.  I liked the white girl, she looked a little like a skunk because she
had dyed hair.  She seemed to think her friend was funny.  "You like them
nerdy" said the skunk girl to the chubby Asian girl, so I could barely hair,
laughing as the Asian girl went into the bathroom.  I felt good about this.  I
felt dazed and calm from reading much of the day and smiled at the girls.

I followed them back out into the crowd.  The opening group was playing.  Skunk
girl had a water bottle of vodka.  I wanted skunk girl to like me.  Asian girl
was trying to get me to dance.  At once they seemed to be both very interested
in me and completely detached.  Asian girl was grinding against my dick.  She
yelled something in my ear.

"What?"

"Do you want to fuck me?" she asked.

I shook my head and said no, smiling.

"Then why are you _hard_?" she said, seeming frustrated.

A jedi cloak was draped over Alex's desk chair.

"Could I borrow that?" I asked.  Alex seemed somewhat drunk and people were
coming in and out of our room.

"The cloak?  Sure man.  What are you going to be?" he said, smiling broadly.

"I don't know, I'm just going to a costume party."

I met Dennis in front of RPCC.  He wasn't wearing a costume.  He laughed at me.

Faking rowing injury.
Heroin girl.
Elizabeth.
Really capturing internet procrastinating/mania.


NOVEMBER 2010-->APRIL 2011:
-----------------------------------
"I'm not going to pass my classes."
doing "nothing"
job back at la scala
miserable christmas
rowing
new psychologist
lost job at la scala, new job at book store
writing classes at UB
visiting justine
alt lit on facebook
failing out of writing classes at UB
programming
writing essays
cold turkey seroquel, chris marker, terrible email to justine
"You need to get a job."
Getting job, Meeting Marie
----------------------------------

Mommy drove Chantal, Ian and I back to Buffalo.  She was in a good mood and
took us to eat at Moosewood.  After, we walked around the Brentwood
Mall, which isn't really a mall, it's the basement of an institutional
building.  It smelled perfectly like fall in Ithaca, an almost hazy, smoky
smell of upstate New York, water in basements. 

I bought a beautiful embossed version of "The Aeneid" at the rare and used book
store. 

I could feel the stress of the past months affecting how I talked to Mommy as
we began the drive. I  wanted her to stop talking to Ian about his physics
major.  I felt that he'd definitely flake out of it soon.  The way Ian
talked about his physics major, it seemed very obvious that he wanted to
impress people with it. 

My plan would work out better in the long run.

As we drove through the amber fields overlooking Cayuga Lake Mommy stopped
talking to Ian and Chantal and quietly asked me how things were going.

"I think I really hate Cornell," I said.

"Your classes still aren't going well, huh?" Mommy said. 

"They're going badly but it's not that.  It's the people.  I'm really bored and
so...disappointed."

I could tell what I was saying was hurting her.  But I was so sick of her
upbeatness.

"Patrick, where else would you go?  I think you're being unfair.  It'll get
better.  I remember how stressful it was.  I still have bad dreams sometimes
where I have a prelim and a bunch of homework I haven't turned in."

"You don't understand.  I don't know if I can go back there."

I said the communications classes were such bullshit and that I wished I was
studying something in the Arts and Sciences College.  

"You can't blame us for your problems," Mommy hissed at me, even though Ian and
Chantal were probably asleep in the back.

We drove by an abandoned house that I noticed every time we made the drive from
Buffalo to New York, a dark farmhouse close to the road.  I wanted to
explore it someday.

When we got home I went up to my room and set up the Aeneid on my book stand.
The Aeneid was good and important to read.  Of arms and men.  I could hear Mommy
and Daddy arguing downstairs as they made dinner.   The golden light of
childhood autumns filled my room and made the old book.

I was called down for dinner a few times until I heard anger.  I sat down at the
table feeling shaky and tired, and drank the milk.  It felt chalky in my mouth.
Avery made a face when she saw my hair.

We started arguing around the end of dinner when Daddy asked the same questions
Mommy had asked in the car with Chantal and Ian.  We ended up in our "dining
room".

"You have to figure out what you can do to recover your classes, Patrick.  Talk
to your professors," said Daddy.

"I can't, I can't." 

"What do you mean 'you can't'?  You don't really have a choice.  College is an
endurance thing, you just have to get through this semester."

"You can't take this for granted, Patrick.  Grandma and Grandpa have been saving
for a long time so you can go to Cornell and not the University at Buffalo.  We
thought you'd be happy, once you got to a place like Cornell, with challenging
classes and people", said Mommy, her voice self-pitying.

"Can we please not talk about money?  It doesn't help."

I paced around the dining room table.

"You guys don't understand.  I think I'm going to fail all of my classes, or at
least all but one or two," I said, finally.

"What?"

"Great," said Mommy.

"There are things you can do, Patrick," said Daddy after a few seconds.

"I've already tried them.  It's too late.  I just couldn't write my essays.  I'm
sorry."

"Then forget you essays!  Focus on the other classes.  Have you been going to
them?"

I felt the pain coming.

"Not since, October, maybe?  I was really focused on trying to write that essay
and was at the library all night.  I'm sorry.  It's a writing problem.  I think
I'm getting closer to figuring it out."
 
"Your essays aren't the issue here, Patrick.  You need to drop that class and
figure out how to pass the other classes."

"I'm going to fail them all.  There's no chance.  I'm almost sure."

I could see tears coming to the edges of Mommy's eyes.

"Oh great," she said.  "You really screwed up."

"Yeah, basically."

"You need to talk to your advisor," said Daddy.  "And figure out how to drop the
courses."

"It's past the drop deadline.  I'm just going to fail those classes."

"No, that's not acceptable."

"You're going to need to get a job," said Mommy, getting angry.

"What?  No, I'm going back to try again."

"No, you're not," said Daddy.  "We can't let you go back like this."

"I can't ~not~ go back, okay?"

"I know..." said Daddy, "that you're afraid that if you leave, you won't ever go
back.  That makes sense."

"I don't even want to go back, I'm so miserable there.  I need to figure out
this essay thing, though."

"It's not essays I think, Patrick.  You need to understand that you won't always be the
best in your class at Cornell."

"I know," I said.  But I felt that he did not understand that I was different.

"I think you're not turning your essays in because you're afraid of not being
the best," said Mommy.

"I can't even really get them started.  I don't know why.  I really am doing my
best."

"You're going to have to pay for this semester you wasted," Mommy said.

"Please stop talking about money!  It's not helping...me write my essays.
Cornell is so freaking stressful."

"Tomorrow we need to call your advisor and figure out how to drop those
classes."

"First, I have never talked to my advisor, and second, it's way past the end of
the drop period."

"Why didn't you talk to your advisor?  That's just stupid, Patrick," said Mommy.

"Because he's in Communications, and I don't want to be a Communications major!
You have no idea how dumb my Communications class is.  It's like the opposite of
Legally Blonde.  I'm the only person with a black Windows computer surrounded by
a bunch of sorority girls and bros with MacBooks."

They laughed.

"Look, I know that might not be the best match for you, but that doesn't mean
you don't need to talk to your advisor or go to class.  You're being stubborn
and can't blame us," said Mommy.

"We can call the CALs office tomorrow and figure out what to do."

"He should call up La Scala's and see if he can get his job back," said Mommy to
Daddy, faux-seriously.

I scoffed, and made my way up to my room.  I could hear my parents arguing
downstairs.

---

The next day my parents called the College of Argiculture and Life Sciences.  I
listened to them talk from the head of the stairs.  I wasn't sure why they
didn't make me make the call, but I was vaguely grateful.  I was so sick of it.
I had shivered in bed last night, watching Mad Men.  My sister had moved into my
childhood bedroom and so all my stuff was crammed into a small room with large
windows that let in the cold.  

My mother called her mother, who was a Middle School Principal.  

"Voluntary Medical Leave of Absence".  I would have to take some classes at
another college before I came back.  At the University of Buffalo,
non-matriculated.  Bleak.  For the 'medical' part, Mommy called Grammy (who is a
medical principal) and she said I should talk to this pyschologist in
Connecticut over Christmas break.  The psychologist could provide some sort of
general diagnosis that wasn't really a diagnosis that would be acceptable.

Somehow that semester would be erased.  I would not have Fs, and the classes
wouldn't show up as dropped.

The issue of hwo to write essays was more important.  I had my way of going
about it.  I was working through the Aeneid and watching more TV.

I felt a chill laying in bed.  I brought my laptop into bed with me to watch tv
shows that I had downloaded.  Mad Men.  I found an electric heating pad and
would use it on my lower back when I was in bed or sitting at my chair reading.
I fell asleep at my desk, and woke up feeling pretty hopeless.  I had a list of one
hundred books that I was going to read. 

---

I called La Scala's, a restaurant I had worked as a dishwasher at when I was
seventeen.  I had enjoyed working there.  I had worked with an Iranian immigrant
named Farhad who was at least 6'7" tall.  He showed me that I could get pitchers
of Pepsi from the bar and drink them all night, which made me manic and enjoy
racing thoughts while I washed.  The chefs would cook us what we wanted.  I got
vodka sauce and noodles many times until I realized I could ask for nicer
things. 

When you realize in retrospect your crush had 0% chance of being reciprocated.

When I was about 12 my father had bought a rowing machine.  He wanted to get 
in shape for some sailing things, and he saw that the rowing machine was an
excellent full-body workout.  I liked using the rowing machine, when I was 12.
My father had told me that when I was faster than my mother using the rowing
machine, I could sail the Laser.  I remember doing a 10,000 meter row, listening
to the radio and taking my time.  It was fun.

I started using the rowing machine again.  I would need discipline.  I needed
something.  I would do 5,000 meters a day.  I wrote this out in my notebook.

The first time I attempted the 5,000 meter row, I was out of breath halfway
through, and stopped pulling hard for a while.  I finished though, and wrote the
time into my notebook.  I exhibited inconsistent discipline in my rowing machine
use leading up to Christmas.  I was excited to start using the new planner I had
bought for the year of 2011, I would track the rowing workouts there.
I texted Lena, telling her that I was home.  She responded that we should hang
out some time. 

I arrived at her house.  Her dad joked and smiled at me, he was sort of chubby.
I felt distant, strange nostalgia about Lena, sitting up in her room and talking
about what's been up in her life.  She kept asking me what I was up to...

"I've been reading a lot about demons, heretics...it's really interesting
stuff."

I felt pathetic.  We were in her basement, looking at her music collection.

My mom dropped me off at La Scala's, trying to figure out when she'd pick me up.
I went in the back, expecting to know everyone.  But the kitchen staff had
almost turned over completely and no one recognized me.  Farhad was not there,
this did not surprise me.  I started to wash the large pile of accumlated pots
and dishpans.

APRIL 2011-->DECEMBER 2011:

Losing My Virginity

I awoke from a brief, uneasy nap to find that I had been biting the tip of my
tongue in anxiety.  It was dark outside the plane and reality was very strange.
I was flying to New York to meet my internet girlfriend.  She was flying from
Las Vegas.

I'd spent the day at work checking her blog to see if she had posted
anything.  I was working at an automatic industrial cutting machine factory, a
job I'd gotten after I fucked up my first semester at Cornell and returned
home, depressed and manic.  After a long winter my father had helped me write my
resume and get a job at Eastman Machine Company, where he had once worked.
Around this time I also met Marie, on the internet.

I had made enough money at the job to afford to spend a week in New York with
Marie.  The job was about to send me to China for six months.
If everything worked out in New York, Marie would come to
live with me in China.

This plan made me very excited: it made me feel like my life was finally about
to get on the track that I wanted.  I had met someone who was perfect to me, and
I was about to lose my virginity to her, and then live with her.  This would
change everything, I hoped.

After landing, I got my bag and waited for Marie to arrive.  I finally found her
waiting outside.  When she saw me she made an inarticulate noise and hugged my
chest.

"Hi," I said.

I shivered from being on the plane.  We waited in a long line for a taxi to
Manhattan.  We were mostly silent, but it was not awkward. 

The movement and wind of the taxi made things feel less ominous.  I put my arm
around her and and enjoyed looking out the window at the orange, complicated
night outside.  It was my first time in New York without my parents.  In the
tunnel under the river, Marie kissed me.  It was not a wonderful kiss, but it
put to rest the mild anxiety that things weren't going well.

When we got to the hotel I paid the $50 for the cab, and we made our way to the
room.  It was a little more dingy than I had expected.  I could tell that we
both liked it, though.

We had planned to drink 2.5 beers before we had sex.  As we sat on the bed,
talking about the guy she had met on her flight, I felt more and more
comfortable with her voice.  The light of the room was very warm and home-like.
When room service came with our beer and food Marie smiled at me as I fumbled with the
tip.  

I drank one of the Budweisers quickly and watched Marie eat steak and eggs.  

"Do you want to have sex now?" Marie asked, placidly.

"Yes," I said, smiling.

"Let's take a shower first."

Marie went into the very small bathroom and took off her wrinkled button
down and shorts.  She dropped them on the floor, where they became damp with the
water from the tub.  I took off my clothes, shivering again.  We sat
facing each other in a few inches of warm water.

I touched her shoulders, which had been scarred by acne.  She ran her fingers
over the hair on my upper thighs.

"I want to give you a blowjob," she said.

"Alright."

"Could you, like, kneel?"

It was my first time getting a blow job, and I was surprised by the feel of
teeth and stray hair.  The fact that we were in a tub was somewhat funny, to me.

"You have really big balls," she said, when she stopped.

We got out of the tub and went to the bed.  I felt more confident.
We kissed and then had sex.  As discussed before, I didn't use a condom.  I
came pretty quickly and Marie checked that I hadn't come inside of her.  

"Don't worry," I said. 

After a period of quiet conversation, Marie asked me to get her a pack of
cigarettes.  I was happy to take a walk alone, to process things in cool night
air.

I saw a smoke shop but walked past it, drawn towards Times Square.  It was
late enough that Times Square was relatively quiet, but still incredibly bright.
Memorizing the shapes of the black.  Satisfyingly complex, neoliberal, somewhat
old.  I felt that I had lost my
virginity the right way, for me.  

  




DECEMBER 2011-->AUGUST 2012:


AUGUST 2012-->DECEMBER 2013:

I felt strangely, deeply exhausted.  On Metro North I wrote short poems with the
words heavy on my mind and posted them on tumblr.  The men and women
riding the train looked different to me, now that the summer was over, 
in the early afternoon.  My consciousness flickered intermittently; 
I drank the Vitamin Water "energy" flavor.

I wondered if this new feeling would last.
...
I wondered if this new feeling would last.

  

I stared at the math book in dismay.  I started to read the third of nine
chapters that were going to be tested.  I had to reread sentences, I was
not understanding.  After a few minutes every few sentences my eyes would close
and I'd shake myself awake.  My eyes closed for a while.

I soon woke up angry.  I couldn't do this.  It was stupid.  I bit my tongue and
took out a notebook, and restarted reading the paragraph, writing down the
progression of equations.  I felt more awake and filled with a little
adrenaline.   

Snow blew around outside as I worked on a Business Managment homework
assignment.  The next day was the Valentine's Day Massacre, a 10k erg followed
by a 4 mile run that included a steep hill.  I was afraid.  The assignment was
tiring and dull but I felt surrounded by beauty.

I sat next to Kyle Good for the 10k.  I started out holding a 1:45 split.  It
was not too hard to hold it.  Seeing that I was beating Kyle was motivating.
There was nothing terribly painful at all.  I felt warm and soon enough there
were 3 kilometers to go, and I ground through them and got off the erg.  I was
going to put on pants but someone told me to start running.

Kyle was a faster runner than me.  "Football", I thought.  At the same time I
passed a few of the really large rowers, like Cuyler and Arik.  They were
running very slowly.  

DECEMBER 2013-->AUGUST 2014:



AUGUST 2014--> ???:
"Did you see that your restaurant closed?"
"Yeah."


It all goes back to whether it is possible for me to become something great,
something special.  Ever since I can remember, I thought I would become
something admired and unique.  Now, on a daily basis, I question if I should
maintain this idea, or if I should work to dismantle it.  It's such a big part
of my personality; I'm not sure if I can really live without it.  Maybe if I
dismantled it, and just tried to achieve things that are in line with my
demonstrated abilities and past achievements...but then maybe sometime very
late, in my "midlife", the ideals of my childhood would come back and ruin
everything, ruin any happiness I build.

META:
What are some of the overarching themes/ideas that you want to communicate?
Maybe you should MATCH the tone of your thoughts during the time.  Kind of James
Joyce-y!  Which is a good thing.

I like this idea.
"How Would I Have Written About It Then"
things are boring/tricky in retrospect
When YOU write about things in a faux-minimalist way it's really boring.
bad sentence: "I wrote sentences like: "

"except I kind of hate everyone I don't love, u know"?

 guess what I felt last night was unlovable
And irrelevant

irrelevant wow

i feel that too
I really don't want to be that
And I'm scared I'm becoming that

it's the worst

no
Making those decisions

make decision to be relevant
Affirming that decision is the hard

i admire the punk mentality of zeke and his friends to live the way they want to, off the grid, spending time with friends, drinking everyday but i guess it doesn't have the need for relevance that i like
In the other decisions u make
Yeah
As a thought experiment ive thought
What would u do if u knew that u were never rly going to ever do anything special or be anything great?  How would u live ur life?
Like if I just extrapolated my current self into the future
In a "reverting to the mean" way
I'm not sure what I'd do
Nothing jumps.out

Aw
I felt bad BC Marguerite came and didn't want to dance and her friend was there who I didn't like and I froze up
And just stood there
And my jacket disappeared

who was her friend
Idk
Guy
He was trying to get me to lighten up
I wasn't into that
It was a "is this srsly my life I'm such a fucking..." Moment
Felt like redundant being there
